A case of the first table that we want to create is the films table.
Now if you remember from the schema the films table looks like this.
So we have an ID column which is an end.
And it's also the primary key.
And then we have the name of the film which is a volleyball and we have the length of the film in minutes
and that's an end.
And both of these columns the name and the length are also not.
No.
So they have not no constraint.
And also the name column has the unique constraint.
So we don't want two films with the same name entered into our films table.
So now let's open my school work bench and create this films table.
So before we create the films table we actually need to create the database for our cinema booking system.
So here I've run short databases.
And you can see we have our coffee store database but we don't have a database for our booking system.
So what we need to do is we need to create a database and we're going to call that cinema our booking
system
and then if we run this and shared databases again you can see now we have our system our booking system
database and we can use that database so we can use
booking system
and now we can create our films table.
So if you remember from before to create the table we need to type create table followed by the table
name so films that we need to open a pair of brackets and we can put a semi-colon on the ends and then
within the brackets we need to type our columns and data types and constraints.
So the first column we want to create is the ID column.
So this was an index and it was the primary key.
So we need to type ID into primary K and this is also auto incrementing So we need to type autoincrement
and then a comma and then the next column must the name column which was a char of length 45 bands.
We had the constraints not no.
So we just typed No no after the data type.
And we also had a unique constraint.
So we just type unique after that not no constraint.
And then the last column was the length minute column.
So we need to type length men followed by the data type which was in then followed by the not no constraint.
And then we need to run this query
and then we can show you tables
and you can see now we have our films table in our database and we can select stod
from films just to see the columns.
And you can see we have all three columns and we can also run this new query we can run describe
films.
So describe followed by the table name and it shows us the columns the data type with the columns wherever
they're allowed to have no values.
So we set not know two or three columns.
There is no and then we have the key.
So we have a primary key Priore for ID and we also have the unique key for our name field.
We didn't set any default values for any of the columns.
And then as an extra common we have the ID field which is auto incrementing.
So describe that by the table name to find out all this information.
So that's it for this video we've created or films table.
Now we need to move on to our customers table.